we live in a free country again what's a
free country there's a powerful idea
that's a that's a magnificent way to
live
oh I see one
hello hey how's it going you want come
over and party or something party Kay
it's me guess who mother good morning I
am NOT the same this is just a
forewarning eat so hard make them girls
come swarming and they like to touch my
hair and tell me that I'm charters of
the American Dream and my peace be so
alarmed
I don't anything in this life history's
taught us anything this is America land
of the brave
if one with a second chances
there is a place
is that an American flag you have on
this sir I have fashioned this American
flag into a diaper
terrorize this